com/auth/template/demo/scopes/user/entities/TestUser.java
 com.auth.template.demo.scopes.user.entities.TestUser
com/auth/template/demo/scopes/auth/forms/LoginDto.java
 com.auth.template.demo.scopes.auth.forms.LoginDto
com/auth/template/demo/scopes/user/entities/User.java
 com.auth.template.demo.scopes.user.entities.User
com/auth/template/demo/scopes/auth/forms/SignUpDto.java
 com.auth.template.demo.scopes.auth.forms.SignUpDto
com/auth/template/demo/scopes/security/StaticUtils.java
 com.auth.template.demo.scopes.security.StaticUtils
com/auth/template/demo/scopes/general/LanguageService.java
 com.auth.template.demo.scopes.general.LanguageService
com/auth/template/demo/scopes/user/services/UserService.java
 com.auth.template.demo.scopes.user.services.UserService
com/auth/template/demo/scopes/auth/payload/request/SignupRequest.java
 com.auth.template.demo.scopes.auth.payload.request.SignupRequest
com/auth/template/demo/scopes/user/repositories/UserRepository.java
 com.auth.template.demo.scopes.user.repositories.UserRepository
com/auth/template/demo/scopes/general/LanguageConfig.java
 com.auth.template.demo.scopes.general.LanguageConfig
com/auth/template/demo/scopes/auth/payload/response/MessageResponse.java
 com.auth.template.demo.scopes.auth.payload.response.MessageResponse
com/auth/template/demo/scopes/token/jwt/AuthEntryPointJwt.java
 com.auth.template.demo.scopes.token.jwt.AuthEntryPointJwt
com/auth/template/demo/SecretApplication.java
 com.auth.template.demo.SecretApplication
com/auth/template/demo/scopes/user/entities/UserRole.java
 com.auth.template.demo.scopes.user.entities.UserRole
com/auth/template/demo/validation/EmailValidator.java
 com.auth.template.demo.validation.EmailValidator
com/auth/template/demo/validation/ValidEmail.java
 com.auth.template.demo.validation.ValidEmail
com/auth/template/demo/scopes/auth/payload/request/LoginRequest.java
 com.auth.template.demo.scopes.auth.payload.request.LoginRequest
com/auth/template/demo/validation/Regexes.java
 com.auth.template.demo.validation.Regexes
com/auth/template/demo/scopes/general/WebMvcConfig.java
 com.auth.template.demo.scopes.general.WebMvcConfig
com/auth/template/demo/scopes/auth/payload/response/JwtResponse.java
 com.auth.template.demo.scopes.auth.payload.response.JwtResponse
com/auth/template/demo/scopes/token/jwt/AuthTokenFilter.java
 com.auth.template.demo.scopes.token.jwt.AuthTokenFilter
com/auth/template/demo/scopes/articles/forms/ArticleDto.java
 com.auth.template.demo.scopes.articles.forms.ArticleDto
com/auth/template/demo/scopes/general/Initializer.java
 com.auth.template.demo.scopes.general.Initializer
com/auth/template/demo/scopes/auth/controller/AuthController.java
 com.auth.template.demo.scopes.auth.controller.AuthController
com/auth/template/demo/scopes/articles/repositories/ArticleRepository.java
 com.auth.template.demo.scopes.articles.repositories.ArticleRepository
com/auth/template/demo/scopes/security/CustomAuthenticationProvider.java
 com.auth.template.demo.scopes.security.CustomAuthenticationProvider
com/auth/template/demo/scopes/articles/services/ArticleService.java
 com.auth.template.demo.scopes.articles.services.ArticleService
com/auth/template/demo/scopes/token/TokenServiceImpl.java
 com.auth.template.demo.scopes.token.TokenServiceImpl
com/auth/template/demo/scopes/articles/entities/Article.java
 com.auth.template.demo.scopes.articles.entities.Article
com/auth/template/demo/scopes/security/SecurityConfig.java
 com.auth.template.demo.scopes.security.SecurityConfig
com/auth/template/demo/scopes/articles/controller/ArticleController.java
 com.auth.template.demo.scopes.articles.controller.ArticleController
